# BDE Perl Package

The BDE module is used to read bulk-data extract files generated by Landonline.
These are pipe delimited files of data.  The data in each file is preceded by
header text defining the nature of the extract and the table and fields in the
data.  The module allows for reading the files in text or compressed mode. 
It also modifies geometry properties, adding an SRID to the beginning and
optionally offsetting the longitude.

The module also includes classes to manage a BDE repository.  This consists
of sub folders level_0 and level_5 for the full and incremental update files.
Each folder contains sub folders for each update, which are named according to 
the time of the update as YYYYMMDDhhmmss.  Within each folder the files for
each table are named xxx.crs.gz, where xxx is a code for the table.

## Simple install

```shell
perl Build.PL
./Build install
```

## Advanced install options

The build system is using perl Module::Build. A full list of the building
options are available run:

```shell
./Build help
```

A more complex example involving specific install directories could something
like:

```shell
perl Build.PL --prefix=/usr/local
./Build install
```

## Dependencies

This package requires the [linz_bde_copy](https://github.com/linz/linz_bde_copy)
programme to be installed.


## License

This program is released under the terms of the new BSD license. See the 
LICENSE file for more information.

Copyright 2011 Crown copyright (c) Land Information New Zealand and the New
Zealand Government.
